Add new page for logging from Workers (#2107)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/workers/src/content/learning/logging-workers.md

---
order: 4
pcx-content-type: concept
---

# Logging from Workers

You can access logs and exceptions for your Workers from the dashboard and via `wrangler tail`.

> The Workers platform captures all `console.log`'s and uncaught exceptions, in addition to information about the event itself. All of this can be viewed with either `wrangler tail` or the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Workers platform captures all `console.log`'s and uncaught exceptions, in addition to information about the event itself. All of this can be viewed with either `wrangler tail` or on the dashboard through your **Account Home** > **Workers** > your **Workers script** > **Logs**.
```

## Adding custom logs

> Here is an example of a Worker with a `console.log` inside the request handler.

Reviewer: Is this sentence saying that if someone runs the below script it will do the action of 'adding a custom log'?

Author: Yes! Maybe change to:

"You can add custom logs to your Worker with `console.log`. Any `console.log`'s you add will show up in both the dashboard and `wrangler tail`. Here is an example of a Worker with a custom log inside the request handler."

Or something like that?

> Here is an example of a Worker with a `console.log` inside the request handler.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Any `console.log` statements within your Worker will appear within `wrangler tail` and the dashboard output. The following example demonstrates a custom `console.log` within a Worker request handler.
```

```js
addEventListener('fetch', event => {
  event.respondWith(handleRequest(event.request))

> })

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
})

```

/**
 * Respond with hello worker text
 * @param {Request} request
 */
async function handleRequest(request) {
  const { cf } = request
  const { city, country  } = cf

  console.log(`Request came from city: ${city} in country: ${country}`);

  return new Response('Hello worker!', {
    headers: { 'content-type': 'text/plain' },
  })
}
```

> If you deploy that, run `wrangler tail`, and then access the Worker, it will display:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy the above code, run `wrangler tail` in your terminal, and then access your Worker. It will display:
```

```sh
☁  logging-example [master] ⚡  wrangler tail --format=pretty
[2021-08-18 17:06:55] [LAX] [Ok] GET https://logging-example.jkup.workers.dev/
 | [Info] Request came from city: Pacifica in country: US
[2021-08-18 17:06:56] [LAX] [Ok] GET https://logging-example.jkup.workers.dev/favicon.ico
 | [Info] Request came from city: Pacifica in country: US
```

## Accessing production logs with `wrangler tail`

> With your Workers application deployed, you may want to inspect incoming traffic. This can be useful for situations where a user is running into issues or errors that you can’t reproduce. `wrangler tail` allows developers to “tail” their Workers application’s logs, giving you real-time access to information about incoming requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With your Workers application deployed, you may want to inspect incoming traffic. This can be useful for situations where a user is running into issues or errors that they cannot reproduce. `wrangler tail` allows developers to “tail” their Workers application’s logs, giving real-time access to information about incoming requests.
```

> With your Workers application deployed, you may want to inspect incoming traffic. This can be useful for situations where a user is running into issues or errors that they cannot reproduce. `wrangler tail` allows developers to “tail” their Workers application’s logs, giving real-time access to information about incoming requests.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With your Workers application deployed, you may want to inspect incoming traffic. This may be useful in situations where a user is running into production issues that you cannot easily reproduce. In these instances, `wrangler tail` allows developers to “tail” their Workers application’s logs, giving real-time insight into their application's incoming requests.
```

To get started, run `wrangler tail` in your Workers project directory. This will log any incoming requests to your application available in your local terminal.

The output of each `wrangler tail` log is a structured JSON object:

```json
{
  "outcome": "ok",
  "scriptName": null,
  "exceptions": [],
  "logs": [],
  "eventTimestamp": 1590680082349,
  "event": {
    "request": {
      "url": "https://www.bytesized.xyz/",
      "method": "GET",
      "headers": {},
      "cf": {}
    }
  }
}
```

By piping the output to tools like [`jq`](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/), you can query and manipulate the requests to look for specific information:

```sh
$ wrangler tail | jq .event.request.url
"https://www.bytesized.xyz/"
"https://www.bytesized.xyz/component---src-pages-index-js-a77e385e3bde5b78dbf6.js"
"https://www.bytesized.xyz/page-data/app-data.json"
```

You can customize how `wrangler tail` works to fit your needs: see [the docs](/cli-wrangler/commands#tail) for available configuration options.

## Accessing production logs with the dashboard

> You can also view the production logs associated with any Worker from the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com?to=/:account/workers/overview). Click on any Worker and then click "Logs." Logging is available for all customers, including those on the free plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also view the production logs associated with any Worker by [logging into the Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com?to=/:account/workers/overview). From your **Account Home** > go to *Workers** > select your **Worker script** > and select **Logs**. Logging is available for all customers, from free to enterprise plans.
```

> You can also view the production logs associated with any Worker from the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com?to=/:account/workers/overview). Click on any Worker and then click "Logs." Logging is available for all customers, including those on the free plan.

Reviewer 3: would be awesome to have a screenshot here!

A few things worth mentioning:

> - These logs are not stored. You can start and stop the stream at any time to view them, but they do not persist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Workers logs are not stored. You can start and stop the stream at any time to view them, but they do not persist.
```

> You can also view the production logs associated with any Worker by [logging into the Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com?to=/:account/workers/overview). From your **Account Home** > go to *Workers** > select your **Worker script** > and select **Logs**. Logging is available for all customers, from free to enterprise plans.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also view the production logs associated with any Worker by [logging into the Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com?to=/:account/workers/overview). From your **Account Home** > go to *Workers** > select your **Worker script** > and select **Logs**. Logging is available for all customers, including those on the free plan.
```

- Logs will not display if the Worker's requests per second are over 200 for the last 5 minutes.

> - Logs from any [Durable Objects](/learning/using-durable-objects) your Worker is using will show up here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Logs from any [Durable Objects](/learning/using-durable-objects) your Worker is using will show up in the dashboard.
```

--------------------------------

## Identifying and handling errors and exceptions

### Error pages generated by Workers

When a Worker running in production has an error that prevents it from returning a response, the client will receive an error page with an error code, defined as follows:

<TableWrap>

| Error code | Meaning                                                                                                  |
| ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1101       | Worker threw a JavaScript exception.                                                                     |
| 1102       | Worker exceeded [CPU time limit](/platform/limits).                                                      |
| 1015       | Your client IP is being rate limited.                                                                    |
| 1027       | Worker exceeded free tier [daily request limit](/platform/limits#daily-request).                         |
| 1042       | Worker tried to fetch from another Worker on the same zone, which is [unsupported](/runtime-apis/fetch). |

</TableWrap>

> Other 11xx errors generally indicate a problem with the Workers runtime itself — please check our [status page](https://www.cloudflarestatus.com) if you see one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other 11xx errors generally indicate a problem with the Workers runtime itself — refer to the [status page](https://www.cloudflarestatus.com) if you are experiencing an error.
```

> ### Identifying error: Workers Metrics

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Identifying errors: Workers Metrics
```

> Additionally, you can find out whether your application is experiencing any downtime, or returning any errors by navigating to Workers Metrics in the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find out whether your application is experiencing any downtime, or returning any errors by navigating from *Account Home** > to **Workers** > your **Worker script** > **Metrics** in the dashboard.
```

> Other 11xx errors generally indicate a problem with the Workers runtime itself — refer to the [status page](https://www.cloudflarestatus.com) if you are experiencing an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other `11xx` errors generally indicate a problem with the Workers runtime itself. Please refer to the [status page](https://www.cloudflarestatus.com) if you are experiencing an error.
```

<!-- TODO: include screenshots -->

### Debugging exceptions

> Once you’ve identified your Workers application is returning exceptions, you can use `wrangler tail` to inspect, and fix the exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have identified your Workers application is returning exceptions, use `wrangler tail` to inspect, and fix the exceptions.
```

> After you have identified your Workers application is returning exceptions, use `wrangler tail` to inspect, and fix the exceptions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you have identified your Workers application is returning exceptions, use `wrangler tail` to inspect and fix the exceptions.
```

<!-- TODO: include example -->

> Exceptions will show up under the `exceptions` field in the JSON returned by `wrangler tail`. Once you’ve identified the exception that is causing errors, you may redeploy your code with a fix, and continue trailing the logs to confirm that it is indeed fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exceptions will show up under the `exceptions` field in the JSON returned by `wrangler tail`. After you have identified the exception that is causing errors, redeploy your code with a fix, and continue trailing the logs to confirm that it is fixed.
```

Reviewer: By 'trailing' are we saying 'reviewing' or does this have a different meaning?

Author: This is existing content that I moved to a new file, but I believe it's a typo and supposed to say "continue tailing the logs".

cc @signalnerve

Reviewer 3: I think it's supposed to be tailing too!

### Setup a logging service

A Worker can make HTTP requests to any HTTP service on the public internet. You can use a service like [Sentry](https://sentry.io) to collect error logs from your Worker, by making an HTTP request to the service to report the error. Refer to your service’s API documentation for details on what kind of request to make.

> When logging using this strategy, remember that outstanding asynchronous tasks are canceled as soon as a Worker finishes sending its main response body to the client. To ensure that a logging subrequest completes, you can pass the request promise to [`event.waitUntil()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ExtendableEvent/waitUntil). For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When logging using this strategy, remember that outstanding asynchronous tasks are canceled as soon as a Worker finishes sending its main response body to the client. To ensure that a logging subrequest completes, pass the request promise to [`event.waitUntil()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ExtendableEvent/waitUntil). For example:
```

> When logging using this strategy, remember that outstanding asynchronous tasks are canceled as soon as a Worker finishes sending its main response body to the client. To ensure that a logging subrequest completes, pass the request promise to [`event.waitUntil()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ExtendableEvent/waitUntil). For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using an external logging strategy, remember that outstanding asynchronous tasks are canceled as soon as a Worker finishes sending its main response body to the client. To ensure that a logging subrequest completes, pass the request promise to [`event.waitUntil()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ExtendableEvent/waitUntil). For example:
```

```js
addEventListener("fetch", event => {
  event.respondWith(handleEvent(event))
})

async function handleEvent(event) {
  // ...

>   // Without event.waitUntil(), our fetch() to our logging service may
>   // or may not complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // Without event.waitUntil(), the `postLog` function may or may not complete.
```

  event.waitUntil(postLog(stack))
  return fetch(event.request)
}

function postLog(data) {
  return fetch("https://log-service.example.com/", {
    method: "POST",
    body: data,
  })
}
```

### Go to Origin on Error

> By using `event.passThroughOnException`, your Workers application will pass requests to your origin if it throws an exception. This allows you to add logging, tracking, or other features with Workers, without degrading your website’s functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using [`event.passThroughOnException`](/runtime-apis/fetch-event#methods), your Workers application will pass requests to your origin if it throws an exception. This allows you to add logging, tracking, or other features with Workers, without degrading your website’s functionality.
```

> By using [`event.passThroughOnException`](/runtime-apis/fetch-event#methods), your Workers application will pass requests to your origin if it throws an exception. This allows you to add logging, tracking, or other features with Workers, without degrading your website’s functionality.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By using [`event.passThroughOnException`](/runtime-apis/fetch-event#methods), a Workers application will forward requests to your origin if an exception is thrown during the Worker's execution. This allows you to add logging, tracking, or other features with Workers, without degrading your website’s functionality.
```

```js
addEventListener("fetch", event => {
  event.passThroughOnException()

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

---
order: 4
pcx-content-type: concept
---

# Logging from Workers

> You can access logs and exceptions for your Workers using the dashboard or `wrangler tail`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access logs and exceptions for your Workers using the dashboard or [`wrangler tail`](/cli-wrangler/commands#tail).
```

> You can access logs and exceptions for your Workers from the dashboard and via `wrangler tail`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
You can access logs and exceptions for your Workers using the dashboard or `wrangler tail`.
```

The Workers platform captures all `console.log`'s and uncaught exceptions, in addition to information about the event itself. All of this can be viewed with either `wrangler tail` or on the dashboard through your **Account Home** > **Workers** > your **Workers script** > **Logs**.

## Adding custom logs

Any `console.log` statements within your Worker will appear within `wrangler tail` and the dashboard output. The following example demonstrates a custom `console.log` within a Worker request handler.

```js
addEventListener('fetch', event => {
  event.respondWith(handleRequest(event.request))
})

/**
 * Respond with hello worker text
 * @param {Request} request
 */
async function handleRequest(request) {
  const { cf } = request

>   const { city, country  } = cf

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  const { city, country } = cf
```
nit: there was an extra space

  console.log(`Request came from city: ${city} in country: ${country}`);

  return new Response('Hello worker!', {
    headers: { 'content-type': 'text/plain' },
  })
}
```

> After you deploy the above code, run `wrangler tail` in your terminal, and then access your Worker. It will display:

Reviewer: Sorry @jkup , can we specify 'it'?

```sh
☁  logging-example [master] ⚡  wrangler tail --format=pretty
[2021-08-18 17:06:55] [LAX] [Ok] GET https://logging-example.jkup.workers.dev/
 | [Info] Request came from city: Pacifica in country: US
[2021-08-18 17:06:56] [LAX] [Ok] GET https://logging-example.jkup.workers.dev/favicon.ico
 | [Info] Request came from city: Pacifica in country: US
```

> ## Accessing production logs with `wrangler tail`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## View logs using `wrangler tail`
```

> With your Workers application deployed, you may want to inspect incoming traffic. This may be useful in situations where a user is running into production issues that you cannot easily reproduce. In these instances, `wrangler tail` allows developers to “tail” their Workers application’s logs, giving real-time insight into their application's incoming requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With your Workers application deployed, you may want to inspect incoming traffic. This may be useful in situations where a user is running into production issues that they cannot easily reproduce. In these instances, `wrangler tail` allows developers to “tail” their Workers application’s logs, giving real-time insight into their application's incoming requests.
```
Fixing for subject-verb agreement, unless 'user' and 'you' is referring to 'end user' and 'developer' here.

To get started, run `wrangler tail` in your Workers project directory. This will log any incoming requests to your application available in your local terminal.

The output of each `wrangler tail` log is a structured JSON object:

```json
{
  "outcome": "ok",
  "scriptName": null,
  "exceptions": [],
  "logs": [],
  "eventTimestamp": 1590680082349,
  "event": {
    "request": {
      "url": "https://www.bytesized.xyz/",
      "method": "GET",
      "headers": {},
      "cf": {}
    }
  }
}
```

By piping the output to tools like [`jq`](https://stedolan.github.io/jq/), you can query and manipulate the requests to look for specific information:

```sh
$ wrangler tail | jq .event.request.url
"https://www.bytesized.xyz/"
"https://www.bytesized.xyz/component---src-pages-index-js-a77e385e3bde5b78dbf6.js"
"https://www.bytesized.xyz/page-data/app-data.json"
```

> You can customize how `wrangler tail` works to fit your needs: see [the docs](/cli-wrangler/commands#tail) for available configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize how `wrangler tail` works to fit your needs: refer to [the `wrangler tail` documentation](/cli-wrangler/commands#tail) for available configuration options.
```

> ## Accessing production logs with the dashboard

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
## View logs from the dashboard
```

> You can also view the production logs associated with any Worker by [logging into the Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com?to=/:account/workers/overview). From your **Account Home** > go to *Workers** > select your **Worker script** > and select **Logs**. Logging is available for all customers, including those on the free plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can review the production logs associated with any Worker by [logging into the Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com?to=/:account/workers/overview). From your **Account Home** > go to *Workers** > select your **Worker script** > and select **Logs**. Logging is available for all customers, including those on the free plan.
```

--------------------------------

## Identifying and handling errors and exceptions

### Error pages generated by Workers

When a Worker running in production has an error that prevents it from returning a response, the client will receive an error page with an error code, defined as follows:

<TableWrap>

| Error code | Meaning                                                                                                  |
| ---------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1101       | Worker threw a JavaScript exception.                                                                     |
| 1102       | Worker exceeded [CPU time limit](/platform/limits).                                                      |
| 1015       | Your client IP is being rate limited.                                                                    |
| 1027       | Worker exceeded free tier [daily request limit](/platform/limits#daily-request).                         |
| 1042       | Worker tried to fetch from another Worker on the same zone, which is [unsupported](/runtime-apis/fetch). |

</TableWrap>

> Other `11xx` errors generally indicate a problem with the Workers runtime itself. Please refer to the [status page](https://www.cloudflarestatus.com) if you are experiencing an error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other `11xx` errors generally indicate a problem with the Workers runtime itself. Refer to the [status page](https://www.cloudflarestatus.com) if you are experiencing an error.
```

### Identifying errors: Workers Metrics

> You can find out whether your application is experiencing any downtime, or returning any errors by navigating from *Account Home** > to **Workers** > your **Worker script** > **Metrics** in the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find out whether your application is experiencing any downtime, or returning any errors by navigating from **Account Home** > to **Workers** > your **Worker script** > **Metrics** in the dashboard.
```

> <!-- TODO: include screenshots -->

Reviewer: Is this still happening?

### Debugging exceptions

After you have identified your Workers application is returning exceptions, use `wrangler tail` to inspect and fix the exceptions.

> <!-- TODO: include example -->

Reviewer: And this.

Exceptions will show up under the `exceptions` field in the JSON returned by `wrangler tail`. After you have identified the exception that is causing errors, redeploy your code with a fix, and continue tailing the logs to confirm that it is fixed.

> ### Setup a logging service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up a logging service
```

> A Worker can make HTTP requests to any HTTP service on the public internet. You can use a service like [Sentry](https://sentry.io) to collect error logs from your Worker, by making an HTTP request to the service to report the error. Refer to your service’s API documentation for details on what kind of request to make.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Worker can make HTTP requests to any HTTP service on the public Internet. You can use a service like [Sentry](https://sentry.io) to collect error logs from your Worker, by making an HTTP request to the service to report the error. Refer to your service’s API documentation for details on what kind of request to make.
```

Reviewer: Internet is always capitalized at CF. Blog and docs rule.

When using an external logging strategy, remember that outstanding asynchronous tasks are canceled as soon as a Worker finishes sending its main response body to the client. To ensure that a logging subrequest completes, pass the request promise to [`event.waitUntil()`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/ExtendableEvent/waitUntil). For example:

```js
addEventListener("fetch", event => {
  event.respondWith(handleEvent(event))
})

async function handleEvent(event) {
  // ...

  // Without event.waitUntil(), the `postLog` function may or may not complete.
  event.waitUntil(postLog(stack))
  return fetch(event.request)
}

function postLog(data) {
  return fetch("https://log-service.example.com/", {
    method: "POST",
    body: data,
  })
}
```

> ### Go to Origin on Error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Go to origin on error
```

> By using [`event.passThroughOnException`](/runtime-apis/fetch-event#methods), a Workers application will forward requests to your origin if an exception is thrown during the Worker's execution. This allows you to add logging, tracking, or other features with Workers, without degrading your website’s functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using [`event.passThroughOnException`](/runtime-apis/fetch-event#methods), a Workers application will forward requests to your origin if an exception is thrown during the Worker's execution. This allows you to add logging, tracking, or other features with Workers, without degrading your application's functionality.
```
Is 'website' being referred to here the application that the Workers script is running on? In that case, it is best to switch to 'application'.
